NARRATOR
With Ash's goal
of entering the
Kalos League
driving him on, our Heroes
are headed to Shalour City
site of Ash's
third Kalos Gym battle.
[all gasping]
Amazing!
[IMPRESSED]
This is the famous
Kalos Canyon.
Wow! What a sight!
Sure is!
What do you think, Dedenne?
[EXCITED]
It's magnificent to look at.
Yeah.
CLEMONT
'It took nature tens
of thousands of years' 'to
create this masterpiece.'
Why don't we take
a break here?
‐ Good idea.
‐ 'Everybody, come on out!'
[EXERTION]
[BAFFLED]
Oh, you haven't met Hawlucha
yet, have you, Fletchling?
That's right.
My Pokémon need to meet it, too.
Yeah. Mine, too.
[EXERTION]
[EXCITED]
This is our new friend.
Meet Hawlucha!
Let's make it
feel at home.
[GREETING]
[FRIENDLY]/[FRIENDLY]
This is Fennekin. Say, hi.
[GREETING]
You say hi too, Dedenne.
[PROUD]
[CONFUSED]
[STRUGGLING] / [SMUG]
[laughing]
‐ Whoa! What was that?
‐ Huh?
Huh, here's what it says.
Kalos Canyon is famous
for its Sky Trainers.
Maybe that's who they are.
Wow, Sky Trainers.
[AWED]
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"Battles In The Sky!"
Talonflame, use Steel Wing!
[STEEL WING MOVE]
[PAINED]
Use Fire Blast!
[FIRE BLAST MOVE]
[PAINED]
[all gasping]
They're having a Pokémon
battle in midair.
[chuckles]
That looks like fun!
Skarmory! Use Fury Attack!
[AFFIRMING]/[FURY ATTACK MOVE]
Dodge it and use Fire Blast!
[DODGING]
[FIRE BLAST MOVE]
[PAINED]
That's awesome!
I want to try that, too!
[AGREEMENT]
Excuse me.
This your first time here?
Yup!
They're Sky Trainers,
aren't they?
Absolutely correct.
They were in the middle
of their Sky Battle.
That sounds great! So, what do
you have to do to be in one?
Well, you'll need
to learn how to fly.
Hey, let's give it a shot.
[EXCITED]
First off,
you'll need to practice.
Huh!
Our practice facility's
over there.
Now, this is what you'll wear.
Just like what those
Sky Trainers were wearing.
INSTRUCTOR
It's called a wing suit.
These are the coolest.
Great! This one's just my size.
And this is made for me.
Um, um, where's my suit?
Well, I'm sorry.
You're a bit too small
to participate.
Huh?
If you're small, the wings also
become small so it's dangerous.
You see, you need
to be at least this tall
in order to be a part of it.
Come on! I want to do it!
I want to do it!
But, Bonnie, rules are there
for a reason.
‐ Hmph.
‐ Don't worry.
I'll sit with you
and we can watch it together.
It's okay.
You go have fun.
Dedenne's gonna be
my watching buddy.
[ENCOURAGING]
And Chespin, too.
[AGREEMENT]
[giggling]
[laughter]
[all laughing]
Be wary,
there's a strong updraft
that's always blowing
through Kalos Canyon.
It's important
to keep that in mind.
Now this device simulates it.
The wind will be
blowing from below
so try jumping into
the wind to fly.
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT
Right!
Ugh. They all treat me
like a little kid.
But I've gotten
really big.
[AGREEMENT]
[COMFORTING]
Alright.
Allow me to demonstrate.
[grunts]
[all gasping]
You see, you fly by catching
the wind with your wings.
I wanna go first!
[grunts]
Whoa! I'm flying!
You're doing great.
Me next! Unh!
Now it's my turn! Go!
I'm flying!
I'm flying, too!
[screaming]
[grunts]
‐ Maybe not.
‐ Wow. That must've hurt.
You know, this is harder
than I thought.
[screaming]
You'll get the hang
of it in no time.
He's right.
Do you think it would be okay
if I tried flying
with my Pokémon?
You can't have a Sky Battle
unless you can fly
with your Pokémon, right?
That's right.
[appearing]
[HAPPY]
[EMERGING]
Fletchling and Hawlucha,
you're doing great.
Now.. Unh. Ha‐ha!
‐ This is so fun!
‐ I'm up!
[grunting]
[chuckling]
That's my brother.
Hi there. Excuse me.
Would you like
to have a Sky Battle?
INSTRUCTOR
Moria!
Moria's a Sky Trainer
and she's also an instructor.
We got to see
your Sky Battle earlier.
You were watching?
My opponent wasn't
much of a challenge
so I'm looking
for someone new.
Are Fletchling and Hawlucha
your Pokémon?
‐ Yup.
‐ Want to battle?
I'd love to! I'm ready to go!
But, don't forget
that you're just starting out.
‐ You sure of this?
‐ He'll be fine.
I'll be right there. Right?
You bet!
Okay, I think I'll battle
with Fletchling.
[READY]
And, my Pokémon will be.. Hmph.
[EMERGING]
[READY]
That's the Pokémon
from before.
POKEDEX
Talonflame The Scorching Pokémon
and the final evolved
form of Fletchling.
'Talonflame can swoop at'
incredible speeds
when attacking.
During intense battles,
it's wings give off
showers of embers as it flies.
Wow!
[DETERMINED]
Talonflame?
You're battling Fletchling.
[READY]
[SCOFFING]
[CONFUSED]
[smug]
Uh, I don't think
it's interested.
[OFFENDED]
But what about Hawlucha?
[AGREEMENT]
Talonflame will agree
to a battle with Hawlucha!
[PROUD]
[HORRIFIED]
But look, Fletchling really
wants to battle..
Oh, no.
I've got an idea.
If Hawlucha wins then we'll have
a battle with Fletchling.
What do you say?
We're definitely gonna win.
[CONFIDENT]
[OFFENDED]
‐ 'Hey, Ash?'
‐ Huh?
I'll look after Fletchling.
Don't worry.
‐ Sounds great. It's a deal.
‐ Ha! Come here.
[TEARFUL]
'Kay, Hawlucha. Let's move!
[READY]
[panting]
‐ Wow!
‐ Amazing!
Go, Hawlucha!
[LEAPING]
Hey, cheer up, Fletchling.
[ENCOURAGING]
That Talonflame
doesn't know how good you are.
Just because you're not big..
You'll prove
it wrong after Hawlucha wins.
[RELUCTANT]
Being small's okay.
[QUESTIONING]
I'm small, too.
I just wish people
would stop judging us
because we're small.
Don't forget, there's a lot
only we can do
'cause we're small.
[DETERMINED]
Well, then,
I'll be the referee.
Awesome. Thanks!
[grunting]
Alright, battle begin!
Talonflame, use Peck!
[PECK MOVE]
Dodge it!
[DODGING]
Use Flying Press!
[FLYING PRESS MOVE]
Since those Pokémon
are both flying
‐ it's hard to land a move.
‐ You're right.
Talonflame, Steel Wing!
[STEEL WING MOVE]
Now use Brave Bird!
[BRAVE BIRD MOVE]
[EVADING]
[LANDING]
Although Hawlucha's
a Flying‐type
it's only able to glide.
That's not good.
Since it can't really fly,
it's a disadvantage.
Hawlucha! Aim and then use
Karate Chop!
[LEAPING]
[KARATE CHOP MOVE]
I've got to draw them in
so we can battle up close.
[CONCERNED]
[AGREEING]
[EXERTION]
Fire Blast, go!
[FIRE BLAST MOVE]
[HURT]
Hawlucha! Grab onto
Talonflame's legs!
Make it a close‐quarters
battle!
[LEAPING]/[GRABBING]
That's it!
[chuckling]
Shake it off!
[EXERTION]
[PAINED]
Uh, Hawlucha!
‐ Uh‐oh.
Oh, no!
[REALIZING]/[DETERMINED]
Are you okay?
[AFFIRMING]
Then use Karate Chop!
Steel Wing, go!
[STEEL WING MOVE]
[KARATE CHOP MOVE]
[PAINED]
[DAZED]
Hawlucha is unable to battle.
Which means
the winner is Talonflame.
[growls]
Hm..
[SAD]
Aww..
[BUMMED]
Fletchling.. Hm.
Guess I win.
Yeah.
But now, what am I gonna say
to say to Fletchling?
Good job. Hawlucha, return.
‐ Moria? I have a favor.
‐ What's that?
Please battle Fletchling.
It would mean a lot.
Huh? But remember?
I said we'd do
that only if Hawlucha won.
‐ Pretty please?
‐ That'd be really nice.
Hmm..
Huh?
[SHRIEKING]
‐ Hey! What's going on?
‐ Huh!
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Talonflame!
[EXERTION]
[STRUGGLING]
‐ Talonflame!
‐ Huh!
MORIA
'Who are they?
What are they doing?'
Prepare for trouble,
aren't we curious!
Asking double questions
could prove injurious.
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation.
To denounce the evils
of the friendly skies.
To extend our reach
to an unfriendly surprise.
‐ Jessie!
‐ And James!
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light.
Surrender now or prepare
for an airborne fight!
Meowth, that's right!
[agreement]
‐ Team Rocket!
‐ Huh?
They're bad guys who like
to steal other people's Pokémon.
If it's all the same,
we came for Talonflame.
Give me back my Pokémon!
‐ Come back!
‐ That's not yours!
You guys are through!
Since when did they get
flying clearance?
JAMES
No fair!
‐ We're wearing wing suits!
‐ Argh!
I'd like to get my paws
on a wing suit.
I'd follow suit!
Talonflame!
Come out, Fennekin!
[EMERGING]
Flamethrower!
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
[screaming]
I told you
you're not getting away.
Flying Twerps
are annoying Twerps.
Show them a thing
or two, Pumpkaboo.
Go, Inkay, too!
[EMERGING]/[EMERGING]
Fletchling, wanna help?
Inkay! Use Tackle, go!
Okay, Fletchling, Razor Wind.
[RAZOR WIND MOVE]
[PAINED]
Use Steel Wing!
[STEEL WING MOVE]
It's so quick!
Ah! Pumpkaboo, Dark Pulse!
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
Dodge it and use Peck!
[DODGING]/[PECK MOVE]
[PAINED]
‐ Huh!
‐ Pumpkaboo!
‐ Alright. Use Psybeam!
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
Dodge and use Fire Blast!
[DODGING]
[FIRE BLAST MOVE]
[PAINED]
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
'Big bang boom!'
Look, ma! I'm flying!
Yeah, but it's got nothing
to do with skills or talent.
I want a wing suit!
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
We're blasting off again!
[EXASPERATED]
That was close.
Those guys are sneaky.
You're right.
[HAPPY]
[IMPRESSED]
[AGREEING]
[CURIOUS]
[RELENTING]
[DISBELIEF]
Talonflame, you wanna
battle Fletchling now?
[AGREEMENT]
Yeah, really?
If that's what Talonflame wants.
Would you two
like to battle us?
Would we!
[EXCITED]
You'll be awesome.
Just show them
your strength.
[DETERMINED]
I know you can do it,
Fletchling!
[CHEERING]
Alright, then.
Battle begin!
Go!
Don't forget.
There's a lot only
we can do 'cause we're small.
[REALIZING]
[CONFIDENT]
Talonflame, use Steel Wing!
[STEEL WING MOVE]
Dodge it.
[DODGING]
Say, Fletchling's fast.
Use Peck!
[PECK MOVE]
It's easier to dodge
'cause you're small.
[CHEERING]
Fire Blast, go!
[FIRE BLAT MOVE]
[DODGING]
Use Peck!
[PECK MOVE]
[HURT]
Yay, Fletchling!
[CHEERING]
Keep it up! You can do it!
That's showing them!
Great job.
Keep giving it all you've got.
That'll show them
what you can do.
[DETERMINED]
Talonflame, Brave Bird!
[BRAVE BIRD MOVE]
Dodge, Fletchling!
[DODGING]
Alright, don't let up!
[WORRIED]/[AGGRESSIVE]
Now, you're cornered!
Use Steel Wing!
[STEEL WING MOVE]
Dodge, then fly up!
[WORRIED]/[AFFIRMING]
[DODGING]
What do you know,
that's the real reason
Fletchling flew down like that.
It was pretending
to be cornered
but that was just a lure,
what a maneuver.
SERENA
'That was some strategy!'
Fletchling's number one!
[CHEERING]
Alright, Brave Bird!
[BRAVE BIRD MOVE]
Quick, dodge it!
[DODGING]
Now, Fire Blast!
[PREPARING]
Double Team, go!
[DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
Ah! Fletchling knows
Double Team, too?
[FIRE BLAST MOVE]
[DODGING]
Use Razor Wind!
[RAZOR WIND MOVE]
[CONFUSED]/[HURT]
Alright!
Talonflame hesitated
'cause of the Double Team.
‐ That's when it attacked.
‐ Way to go, Fletchling!
Playtime's over, starting now!
Use Steel Wing!
[STEEL WING MOVE]
[HURT]
Ugh!
See? We both learned
how Fletchling dodges!
‐ Argh!
‐ Let's finish this.
Now, Fire Blast!
[FIRE BLAST MOVE]
[HURT]
[all gasping]
[STRUGGLING]
[EVOLVING]
‐ Now what?
‐ Oh?
[EMERGING]
[EXERTION]
‐ Ah, awesome!
‐ Huh?
Wow! It evolved.
Now it's Fletchinder.
What an amazing thing
to watch.
POKEDEX
Fetchinder. The Ember Pokémon.
'Once in flight, Fletchinder
can reach its top speed'
extremely quickly,
giving it the edge in battle
by attacking its opponents
before they can get prepared.
So cool.
Yippee! Yippee! It evolved
into Fletchinder! Yay!
[FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
‐ Whoa! Is that‐
‐ It's Flame Charge.
‐ Wow!
‐ It learned a new move!
Alright. Use Flame Charge!
[FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
Dodge it!
This is great.
The more it uses Flame Charge,
the faster it will become!
‐ That's amazing.
‐ Use Brave Bird!
[BRAVE BIRD MOVE]
Dodge that, then Flame Charge!
[DODGING]/[FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
[HURT]
That was close.
Just a little more,
Fletchinder!
Keep it up!
Flame Charge, again!
[FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
[HURT]
Okay, let's wrap it up
Flame Charge, go!
[FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
[SHOCKED]/[HURT]
We did it!
[PROUD]
‐ Ha‐ha!
‐ Wow!
You won it, Fletchinder!
[CHEERING]
[DAZED]
INSTRUCTOR
Talonflame is unable to battle
which means Ash wins!
Well, alright.
Oh, dear.
Guess we lost.
You were great, Talonflame.
[PROUD]
[chuckles]
You got me. Fletchinder
was such a total surprise.
‐ Thanks.
‐ Fletchinder, you did it!
I knew you'd win it!
I believed in you!
[HAPPY]
Hurray for Fletchinder!
[CHEERING]
Thanks so much for everything.
[FRIENDLY]
‐ We had a great time.
‐ Hope to come back soon.
And, Bonnie, once you grow
a little bit taller..
I can fly, too!
[HAPPY]
I'll have your
very own wing suit ready.
Mm‐hm! I can't wait!
[EXCITED]
[Bonnie chuckling]
NARRATOR
In the midst of Ash's first
exhilarating Sky Battle
Fletchling evolved
into Fletchinder.
Spurred on by Bonnie's
heartfelt support.
Now, with blue skies
and breathtaking landscapes
on their minds, our Heroes'
journey continues.
[theme music]